# Legal Notice 

## Legal Information and Terms of Use

IMPORTANT! Please read these terms carefully. If you do not agree with any of 
these terms or conditions, do not access or otherwise use the Catalist 
Materials contained herein. These terms and conditions govern your use of the 
Catalist Materials.  By accessing and using these Catalist Materials being 
provided herein, you are indicating your acknowledgement and acceptance of 
these terms of use. 

**Copyright Notice:** To the users of the Catalist, LLC ("Catalist") 
information contained herein (hereinafter the "Materials").  Permission is 
hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of the 
Materials, which may be inclusive of any associated source code contained 
therein, to utilize the Materials without restriction, including without 
limitation, the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, and re-distribute 
the Materials, and to permit persons to whom the Materials are furnished to do 
the same, subject to the following conditions:

**Restrictions on Use:** Such Materials may only be used for academic, civic or
politically-related purposes, and shall not be offered for sale or sold, nor 
distributed or used for any commercial purposes.  Moreover, the above copyright
notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or 
substantial portions of the Materials and proper attribution must be given to 
Catalist.  In addition, the rights being granted herein to the Materials do not
extend to any Catalist intellectual property rights which are hereby expressly 
reserved.    

**Indemnity:** You will indemnify and hold Catalist, its licensors, content 
providers, service providers, employees, agents, officers, directors, and 
contractors (the "Indemnified Parties") harmless from any breach of these Terms
of Use by you, including any use of the Materials other than as expressly 
authorized in these Terms of Use. 

**Disclaimer-Limitation of Liability:** THE MATERIALS ARE PROVIDED "AS IS", 
WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO 
THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND 
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE 
FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, 
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE MATERIALS OR 
THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN CONNECTION WITH THE MATERIALS.  

Catalist LLC Â© All Rights Reserved.


